xde-theme-blackbirds -- read me first file.  2013-12-23

xde-theme-blackbirds
==================

Package xde-theme-blackbirds-1.1 was released under CCPL:cc-by-nc-nd-3.0
license 2013-12-23.

This is a theme and a set of backgrounds for the XDE (X Desktop
Environment) which provides a set of backgrounds on a SR-71 Blackbird
theme.  This theme uses the Squared-cader style from the xde-styles
package.

Release
-------

This is the xde-theme-blackbirds-1.1 package, released 2013-12-23.  This
release, and the latest version, can be obtained from the GitHub
repository at (http://github.com/bbidulock/xde-theme-blackbirds), using a
command such as:

    $> git clone http://github.com/bbidulock/xde-theme-blackbirds.git

Please see the `NEWS' file for release notes and history of user visible
changes for the current version, and the `ChangeLog' file for a more
detailed history of implementation changes.  The `TODO' file lists
features not yet implemented and other outstanding items.

Please see the `INSTALL' file for installation instructions.

When working from `git(1)', please see the `README-git' file.  An
abbreviated installation proceedure that works for most applications
appears below.

This release is published under the CCPL:cc-by-nc-nd-3.0 (primarily
because the base styles used to develop these styles were licensed under
this license).  Please see the license in the file `COPYING'.

Quick Start:
------------

The quickest and easiest way to get xde-theme-blackbirds up and running is
to run the following commands:

    $> git clone http://github.com/bbidulock/xde-theme-blackbirds.git
    $> cd xde-theme-blackbirds
    $> ./autogen.sh
    $> ./configure --prefix=/usr
    $> make V=0
    $> make DESTDIR="$pkgdir" install

This will configure, compile and install xde-theme-blackbirds the
quickest.  For those who would like to spend the extra 15 seconds
reading ./configure --help, some compile time options can be turned on
and off before the build.

For general information on GNU's ./configure, see the file `INSTALL'.

Prerequisites:
--------------

This package needs the xde-styles package that can be obtained from
(http://github.com/bbidulock/xde-styles) to be useful and also requires
the `xde-setbg(1p)' daemon perl script.

# vim: set ft=asciidoc tw=72 nocin nosi fo+=tcqlorn:
